our planet is really tough
and that's not about to change
in the long run earth can cope with
anything we throw at it we could clear
all the jungles but a jungle can regrow
over a few thousand years
we could burn all Earth's fossil fuels
flooding the atmosphere with carbon
dioxide but even then it would take only
a million years for the atmosphere to
recover
even the creatures were wiping out will
be replaced by others as evolution works
it's magic
it's only a question of time the earth
will be just fine
that's not to say that the rapid changes
were forcing on earth don't matter
we humans operate on a different time
skill we have evolved to occupy the
world as it is now we're changing this
world and in doing so altering the very
environment that has allowed our species
and civilization to thrive
we're certainly more advanced than the
dinosaurs but that doesn't mean that
we're much better at coping with sudden
change on a global scale
it's often suggested that the planet
needs saving but it's not earth that's
in peril it's us
you